Sprint Dec 21 #76

Closed
RichardLitt opened this Issue Dec 21, 2015 · 14 comments

Comments

Projects
None yet
5 participants
@RichardLitt
Member

RichardLitt commented Dec 21, 2015

Sprint Dec 21

Sprint Goals

  • Completed IPFS API Spec (core + transports) by Jan 1

Sprint Discussions

Schedule

Please take notes in a separate pad, if you can, and link it here.

Endeavor Lead Time (PDT - UTC/Z - CET) Pad
Apps on IPFS Juan Benet 10:30PDT 18:30Z 19:30CET https://public.etherpad-mozilla.org/p/ipfs-dec-21-apps-on-ipfs
libp2p David Dias 11:30PDT 19:30Z 20:30CET https://public.etherpad-mozilla.org/p/ipfs-dec-21-libp2p
js-ipfs David Dias 12:00PDT 20:00Z 21:00CET https://public.etherpad-mozilla.org/p/ipfs-dec-21-js-ipfs

Please add the Agenda to the Pad before the endeavor sprint starts.

Sprint Deliverables

  • Add your tasks below in a comment, that way we only have people listed who are really in the sprint
  • Add links to issues down here. Only add things you can finish this sprint.
@whyrusleeping

This comment has been minimized.

Show comment
Hide comment
@diasdavid

This comment has been minimized.

Show comment
Hide comment
@diasdavid

diasdavid Dec 21, 2015

Member

Apps on IPFS

Lead: dignifiedquire and diasdavid

Agenda

  • station
  • webui
  • npm on ipfs
    • Improving update process
    • 100K modules mark :D

You have 30 minutes for this agenda, 5 minutes before the meeting ends, consider moving the remaining items to a github discussion thread so that all the other sprint meetings can start in time.

Participants

Notes

Station

  • ipfs-geoip is unstable (unusable)
  • drag and drop issue
    • tray still works
    • dragging to the window breaks (react!!!!)
  • shrinkwrap was added (because everyone having different experiences while running)
  • use a repo+ipfs binary+js-ipfs-api bundle strict for station and do not attempt to use what is already available (while js-ipfs-api is still chasing ipfs HTTP APi and ipfs is chasing IPFS Repo)

http://standards.freedesktop.org/basedir-spec/basedir-spec-latest.html

$XDG_DATA_HOME defines the base directory relative to which user specific data files should be stored. If $XDG_DATA_HOME is either not set or empty, a default equal to $HOME/.local/share should be used.
$XDG_CONFIG_HOME defines the base directory relative to which user specific configuration files should be stored. If $XDG_CONFIG_HOME is either not set or empty, a default equal to $HOME/.config should be used.
$XDG_CACHE_HOME defines the base directory relative to which user specific non-essential data files should be stored. If $XDG_CACHE_HOME is either not set or empty, a default equal to $HOME/.cache should be used.

The norm is to use a subdirectory named after your application under each one.

https://www.npmjs.com/package/xdg-basedir

Webui

  • In order to support the multitude of webui + js-ipfs-api versions and to suport fast update on already released IPFS versions, we will
    • have webui.ipfs.name pointing to the latest hash of webui
    • have webui-0310.ipfs.name pointing to the hash respective to webui for 0.3.10 (and other subdomains for respective hashes of other versions)
    • each published version is tagged on github
    • we only support bug fixes and new features in latest
  • We need tests (really, webui is so old, go-ipfs should have integration tests before it is released)

Help: ipfs-shipyard/ipfs-webui#90 and ipfs-shipyard/ipfs-webui#87

Member

diasdavid commented Dec 21, 2015

Apps on IPFS

Lead: dignifiedquire and diasdavid

Agenda

  • station
  • webui
  • npm on ipfs
    • Improving update process
    • 100K modules mark :D

You have 30 minutes for this agenda, 5 minutes before the meeting ends, consider moving the remaining items to a github discussion thread so that all the other sprint meetings can start in time.

Participants

Notes

Station

  • ipfs-geoip is unstable (unusable)
  • drag and drop issue
    • tray still works
    • dragging to the window breaks (react!!!!)
  • shrinkwrap was added (because everyone having different experiences while running)
  • use a repo+ipfs binary+js-ipfs-api bundle strict for station and do not attempt to use what is already available (while js-ipfs-api is still chasing ipfs HTTP APi and ipfs is chasing IPFS Repo)

http://standards.freedesktop.org/basedir-spec/basedir-spec-latest.html

$XDG_DATA_HOME defines the base directory relative to which user specific data files should be stored. If $XDG_DATA_HOME is either not set or empty, a default equal to $HOME/.local/share should be used.
$XDG_CONFIG_HOME defines the base directory relative to which user specific configuration files should be stored. If $XDG_CONFIG_HOME is either not set or empty, a default equal to $HOME/.config should be used.
$XDG_CACHE_HOME defines the base directory relative to which user specific non-essential data files should be stored. If $XDG_CACHE_HOME is either not set or empty, a default equal to $HOME/.cache should be used.

The norm is to use a subdirectory named after your application under each one.

https://www.npmjs.com/package/xdg-basedir

Webui

  • In order to support the multitude of webui + js-ipfs-api versions and to suport fast update on already released IPFS versions, we will
    • have webui.ipfs.name pointing to the latest hash of webui
    • have webui-0310.ipfs.name pointing to the hash respective to webui for 0.3.10 (and other subdomains for respective hashes of other versions)
    • each published version is tagged on github
    • we only support bug fixes and new features in latest
  • We need tests (really, webui is so old, go-ipfs should have integration tests before it is released)

Help: ipfs-shipyard/ipfs-webui#90 and ipfs-shipyard/ipfs-webui#87

@diasdavid

This comment has been minimized.

Show comment
Hide comment
@diasdavid

diasdavid Dec 21, 2015

Member

libp2p

Lead: David Dias

Agenda

You have 30 minutes for this agenda, 5 minutes before the meeting ends, consider moving the remaining items to a github discussion thread so that all the other sprint meetings can start in time.

Participants

Notes

  • bikeshed glossary (bikespec)
  • 19:34 @whyrusleeping my only input on libp2p is that i have vendoring working a lot better, and will push the changes to gx for that very soon
  • some of the discussion items will be revisited again on when go-ipfs hangout happens this week
  • Write Captain.log entry
After sprint meeting is finished, create the respective action items on the Github sprint issue
Member

diasdavid commented Dec 21, 2015

libp2p

Lead: David Dias

Agenda

You have 30 minutes for this agenda, 5 minutes before the meeting ends, consider moving the remaining items to a github discussion thread so that all the other sprint meetings can start in time.

Participants

Notes

  • bikeshed glossary (bikespec)
  • 19:34 @whyrusleeping my only input on libp2p is that i have vendoring working a lot better, and will push the changes to gx for that very soon
  • some of the discussion items will be revisited again on when go-ipfs hangout happens this week
  • Write Captain.log entry
After sprint meeting is finished, create the respective action items on the Github sprint issue
@diasdavid

This comment has been minimized.

Show comment
Hide comment
@diasdavid

diasdavid Dec 21, 2015

Member

js-ipfs

Lead: David Dias

Agenda

You have 30 minutes for this agenda, 5 minutes before the meeting ends, consider moving the remaining items to a github discussion thread so that all the other sprint meetings can start in time.

Participants

Notes

Member

diasdavid commented Dec 21, 2015

js-ipfs

Lead: David Dias

Agenda

You have 30 minutes for this agenda, 5 minutes before the meeting ends, consider moving the remaining items to a github discussion thread so that all the other sprint meetings can start in time.

Participants

Notes

@diasdavid

This comment has been minimized.

Show comment
Hide comment
@diasdavid

diasdavid Dec 21, 2015

Member

David Dias TODO

Member

diasdavid commented Dec 21, 2015

David Dias TODO

@RichardLitt

This comment has been minimized.

Show comment
Hide comment
@RichardLitt

RichardLitt Dec 21, 2015

Member

To Do

  • Sprint Management
  • QC the API PR
  • Write the weekly roundup
Member

RichardLitt commented Dec 21, 2015

To Do

  • Sprint Management
  • QC the API PR
  • Write the weekly roundup
@whyrusleeping

This comment has been minimized.

Show comment
Hide comment
@whyrusleeping

whyrusleeping Dec 21, 2015

Member

I would like to note that the next sprint meeting will be on January 4th, 2016. We not be having a sprint meeting on the 28th of December due to @jbenet being in middle earth, and most of the rest of us being at 32C3. Have a wonderful holiday everyone!

Member

whyrusleeping commented Dec 21, 2015

I would like to note that the next sprint meeting will be on January 4th, 2016. We not be having a sprint meeting on the 28th of December due to @jbenet being in middle earth, and most of the rest of us being at 32C3. Have a wonderful holiday everyone!

@lgierth

This comment has been minimized.

Show comment
Hide comment
@lgierth

lgierth Dec 22, 2015

Member

@lgierth TODO

  • dev0.4.0
    • discuss migration strategy
    • more dev0.4.0 bootstrappers
  • go-ipfs
  • infrastructure
    • [~] empty and scrub sirius and castor
Member

lgierth commented Dec 22, 2015

@lgierth TODO

  • dev0.4.0
    • discuss migration strategy
    • more dev0.4.0 bootstrappers
  • go-ipfs
  • infrastructure
    • [~] empty and scrub sirius and castor
@diasdavid

This comment has been minimized.

Show comment
Hide comment
@diasdavid

diasdavid Jan 5, 2016

Member

SPRINT CHECKIN

Member

diasdavid commented Jan 5, 2016

SPRINT CHECKIN

@diasdavid diasdavid added the sprint label Jan 5, 2016

@RichardLitt

This comment has been minimized.

Show comment
Hide comment
@RichardLitt

RichardLitt Jan 5, 2016

Member

This Week

Uh, I did a lot this past two weeks. Largely this is because I went through a ton of repos - see the last thing - and tried to clean a lot of them up. Lots of triaging, commenting, CR, and a ton of small PRs. So, the main things to take away: The API is basically at a standstill, because I can't get anyone to CR it and to help me out with figuring out whether it is a spec or a mirror of what is possible. Also, our community weekly roundups are a failure at the moment, due to a lack of community involvement. This week, I plan to change that by writing up something, and just publishing it after a day of review, regardless if anyone finds time to review it.

A LOT of these PRs are still open: See here to help out: https://github.com/pulls?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Apr+author%3ARichardLitt+user%3Aipfs

  • Sprint Management
    • Prepare sprint, sync lead, follow up with people
    • Remove Dec 28 sprint from Calendar
    • Moved sprint to Jan 5th from Jan 4th
  • Write the weekly roundup. PR ipfs/newsletter#4. Need: We need to do this as a community. So far, two have been written, and none published.
  • QC the API PR. (Needs to be redone, again, pending conversations happening in the issues.)

Extra

  • Awesome-IFPS
    • Embedded awesome-ipfs into ipfs/website. PR website#84
    • Added note about dates to awesome-ipfs contrib.
    • Added webapps to awesome-ipfs. PR awesome-ipfs#35
    • Added apps from community#12. PR awesome-ipfs#37. Closes community#12.
  • community
    • Added a swag section to ipfs/community. PR community#91, ipfs/community#11, ipfs/community#50
    • Set up Javascript guideline files community#59. PR community#92
    • Change 'freejs' to 'freenode' on all repos. community#93
  • dnslink-deploy
    • Added hash validifier for dnslink-deploy. PR dnslink-deploy#8
    • Added license, shields, contribute section
  • project-repos
    • Change project-repos to not have checks and crosses project-repos#18. PR project-repos#20
    • Added contribute section. PR project-repos#31
  • webui
    • Convert all bootstrap components to use react-bootstrap webui#140. PR webui#142
    • webui readme webui#141. PR webui#147
    • Added log. PR webui#160
  • go-ipfs
    • Added quotes around command in go-ipfs long description. PR go-ipfs#2157
    • Added a shutdown note to ipfs daemon long description. PR go-ipfs#2159
  • random
    • Edited ipfs project dir for readability. PR ipfs#142
    • Changed log in ipfs-update. Closed ipfs-update#13 with PR ipfs-update#15.
    • Edited data example. PR examples#44
    • Downgrading IPFS doc for fs-repo-migrations. PR fs-repo-migrations#10.
    • Added note about spec issues and PRs. PR specs#56, closes specs#39
    • Added FAQ link to ipfs.io/docs. PR website#86
  • New modules
  • Code Review
  • Just Comments
    • Numbering examples examples#4
    • Republishing examples examples#13
    • Attempted to close, on our Sprint system community#28
    • Webui new build system webui#87
    • Changing the checks and crosses on project-repos project-repos#18
    • Add a list of non-IPFS organization repos to check project-repos#21
    • API docs api#1
    • API Spec => Specs Repo api#11
  • Closed these old issues:
    • awesome-ipfs#28, ipfs#79, examples/issues/, community#15, community#63, community#62, api/issues/, website#35, website#43, website#7, website#77
  • End-of-year Cleanup, finding relevant issues that I can do fast or close. This mostly means find them and document them internally for fixing later.
    • Repos: ipfs/pm, ipfs/community, ipfs/specs, ipfs/examples, ipfs/awesome-ipfs, ipfs/ipfs, ipfs/weekly, ipfs/dnslink-deploy, ipfs/infrastructure, ipfs/starlog, ipfs/blog, ipfs/webui, ipfs/api, ipfs/website, ipfs/project-repos
Member

RichardLitt commented Jan 5, 2016

This Week

Uh, I did a lot this past two weeks. Largely this is because I went through a ton of repos - see the last thing - and tried to clean a lot of them up. Lots of triaging, commenting, CR, and a ton of small PRs. So, the main things to take away: The API is basically at a standstill, because I can't get anyone to CR it and to help me out with figuring out whether it is a spec or a mirror of what is possible. Also, our community weekly roundups are a failure at the moment, due to a lack of community involvement. This week, I plan to change that by writing up something, and just publishing it after a day of review, regardless if anyone finds time to review it.

A LOT of these PRs are still open: See here to help out: https://github.com/pulls?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Apr+author%3ARichardLitt+user%3Aipfs

  • Sprint Management
    • Prepare sprint, sync lead, follow up with people
    • Remove Dec 28 sprint from Calendar
    • Moved sprint to Jan 5th from Jan 4th
  • Write the weekly roundup. PR ipfs/newsletter#4. Need: We need to do this as a community. So far, two have been written, and none published.
  • QC the API PR. (Needs to be redone, again, pending conversations happening in the issues.)

Extra

  • Awesome-IFPS
    • Embedded awesome-ipfs into ipfs/website. PR website#84
    • Added note about dates to awesome-ipfs contrib.
    • Added webapps to awesome-ipfs. PR awesome-ipfs#35
    • Added apps from community#12. PR awesome-ipfs#37. Closes community#12.
  • community
    • Added a swag section to ipfs/community. PR community#91, ipfs/community#11, ipfs/community#50
    • Set up Javascript guideline files community#59. PR community#92
    • Change 'freejs' to 'freenode' on all repos. community#93
  • dnslink-deploy
    • Added hash validifier for dnslink-deploy. PR dnslink-deploy#8
    • Added license, shields, contribute section
  • project-repos
    • Change project-repos to not have checks and crosses project-repos#18. PR project-repos#20
    • Added contribute section. PR project-repos#31
  • webui
    • Convert all bootstrap components to use react-bootstrap webui#140. PR webui#142
    • webui readme webui#141. PR webui#147
    • Added log. PR webui#160
  • go-ipfs
    • Added quotes around command in go-ipfs long description. PR go-ipfs#2157
    • Added a shutdown note to ipfs daemon long description. PR go-ipfs#2159
  • random
    • Edited ipfs project dir for readability. PR ipfs#142
    • Changed log in ipfs-update. Closed ipfs-update#13 with PR ipfs-update#15.
    • Edited data example. PR examples#44
    • Downgrading IPFS doc for fs-repo-migrations. PR fs-repo-migrations#10.
    • Added note about spec issues and PRs. PR specs#56, closes specs#39
    • Added FAQ link to ipfs.io/docs. PR website#86
  • New modules
  • Code Review
  • Just Comments
    • Numbering examples examples#4
    • Republishing examples examples#13
    • Attempted to close, on our Sprint system community#28
    • Webui new build system webui#87
    • Changing the checks and crosses on project-repos project-repos#18
    • Add a list of non-IPFS organization repos to check project-repos#21
    • API docs api#1
    • API Spec => Specs Repo api#11
  • Closed these old issues:
    • awesome-ipfs#28, ipfs#79, examples/issues/, community#15, community#63, community#62, api/issues/, website#35, website#43, website#7, website#77
  • End-of-year Cleanup, finding relevant issues that I can do fast or close. This mostly means find them and document them internally for fixing later.
    • Repos: ipfs/pm, ipfs/community, ipfs/specs, ipfs/examples, ipfs/awesome-ipfs, ipfs/ipfs, ipfs/weekly, ipfs/dnslink-deploy, ipfs/infrastructure, ipfs/starlog, ipfs/blog, ipfs/webui, ipfs/api, ipfs/website, ipfs/project-repos
@jbenet

This comment has been minimized.

Show comment
Hide comment
@jbenet

jbenet Jan 5, 2016

Member

I'm back from NZ travels. lots of fun pictures coming later :)

Member

jbenet commented Jan 5, 2016

I'm back from NZ travels. lots of fun pictures coming later :)

@lgierth

This comment has been minimized.

Show comment
Hide comment
@lgierth

lgierth Jan 5, 2016

Member

@lgierth sprint update

Member

lgierth commented Jan 5, 2016

@lgierth sprint update

@RichardLitt

This comment has been minimized.

Show comment
Hide comment
@RichardLitt

RichardLitt Jan 5, 2016

Member

Sprint Summary @dignifiedquire

Webui

JS-IPFS-API

  • Refactor add to drop vinyl, resulting in a minified bundle size reduction of a 100Kb PR 1 PR 2 This fixed the before broken multipart upload for recursive uploads (0.4.0 only though)

Rust libp2p

Misc

Events

Member

RichardLitt commented Jan 5, 2016

Sprint Summary @dignifiedquire

Webui

JS-IPFS-API

  • Refactor add to drop vinyl, resulting in a minified bundle size reduction of a 100Kb PR 1 PR 2 This fixed the before broken multipart upload for recursive uploads (0.4.0 only though)

Rust libp2p

Misc

Events

@whyrusleeping

This comment has been minimized.

Show comment
Hide comment
@whyrusleeping

whyrusleeping Jan 5, 2016

Member
  • CCC
  • berlin shenanigans
  • improve performance of files api for registry mirror
  • met lots of peoples
  • mass issue cleanup with @diasdavid
  • refactored object patch to not embed data in url
  • added testing for http requests so we can ensure the cmds lib is right
  • began prep for 0.3.11 release and subsequent 0.4.0 merge to master
  • reenabled ipns sharness tests
  • gx is nearly ready for prime time
  • wrote libp2p swarm demo for daviddias
  • fixed race condition in go-datastore
Member

whyrusleeping commented Jan 5, 2016

  • CCC
  • berlin shenanigans
  • improve performance of files api for registry mirror
  • met lots of peoples
  • mass issue cleanup with @diasdavid
  • refactored object patch to not embed data in url
  • added testing for http requests so we can ensure the cmds lib is right
  • began prep for 0.3.11 release and subsequent 0.4.0 merge to master
  • reenabled ipns sharness tests
  • gx is nearly ready for prime time
  • wrote libp2p swarm demo for daviddias
  • fixed race condition in go-datastore

@diasdavid diasdavid closed this Jan 5, 2016

@jbenet jbenet removed the sprint label Jan 5, 2016

@NDuma NDuma referenced this issue in ipfs/newsletter Jan 9, 2016

Closed

Feedback #7

Sign up for free to join this conversation on GitHub. Already have an account? Sign in to comment